mk.tm_ch_contactrecord_d              	244069	region_code:77265141                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	20210201	statis_date
mk.tm_rt_broaband_unsatisfy_d         	8311455	is_ihgu:5559640                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_grp_prd_attr_d               	173891956	seq_num:2309786909                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_cheat_msisdn_d               	113	alert_date:2281584518                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_sale_sltn_chg_d              	2933984	is_upld:2766389                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_re_base_cell_d               	811397	bian_b:243419100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_mnet_sms_d                   	50809759	tot_cnt:86558438|comm_fee:0|info_fee:143524344|mon_fee:0|fav_comm_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_req_log_d                	52105674	req_cnt:133910595|success_cnt:126975017|avg_dur:6.688983879464375E9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_mnet_wap_d                   	0	tot_cnt:0|info_fee:0|mon_fee:0|fav_info_fee:0|fav_mon_fee:0|dnld_flux:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_cmiot_group_subs_d           	2416	mem_cnt:2172|new_mem_cnt:9|goods_fee:70324.8|lost_mem_cnt:19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_user_recv_email_cdr_d        	6381696	recv_email_mode:12626456|order_source:9092774                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_cust_info_d                  	369635192	invalidation_date:2428607558267000000|create_date:-7151508327956977154|status_date:3099986073799764626|cert_valid_start_time:1528020883351849297|cert_exp_time:-2116507320763935873|age:101831638134                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_mms_d                        	2380338	tot_cnt:2414262|comm_fee:5963070|comm_fee_s:1200|info_fee_t:4000|info_fee_t_s:4000|info_fee_m:0|info_fee_m_s:0|info_fee:4000|fav_comm_fee:0|fav_info_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_sale_g3_d                    	13457	c_realcount:13157|cost_price:11138505|real_price:11194071|e_column:11026035|g_column:10972861|h_column:-53174|discount:10877124|j_column:-10930298                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_chnl_storefront_d            	44465	operator_cnt:25778|staff_cnt:52759|tmnl_cnt:21834                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_ngsettle_detail_d            	106072	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_numcard_dt_chnl_d            	1145412	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_goldcoin_return_d            	11133	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_mkt_extcontent_d             	358410	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_visit_map_d              	11759590	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_app_user_d               	8217	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_app_operate_menulog_d        	10487	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_dz3dataprod_his_d            	105	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_verfitytype_d                	4139547	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_mutual_evt_d                 	6255252	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_comp_basic_d                 	18579	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_bs_batch_log_d               	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_hyrl_gateway_info_d          	1746935	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_ci_iop_cust_rel_d            	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_sc_cover_biz_d               	9120	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_user_mo_cdr_d                	4060	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_real_check_d                 	33248	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_cmos_serv_req_d              	25243332	cmos_date:509929335496241|srv_reqst_id:26171518404548070                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_bd_repair_evt_d              	3083	feedback_time:62308049683|score:14706                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_user_xhzw_coutry_d           	11	net_gain:-3873|week_xhzw_in_fr_ctcc:1595|week_xhzw_in_fr_cucc:1764|week_xhzw_in_all:3359|week_xhzw_out_2cicc:6372|week_xhzw_out_2cucc:6587|week_xhzw_out_all:12959|week_net_gain:3359|month_xhzw_in_fr_ctcc:561|month_xhzw_in_fr_cucc:684|month_xhzw_in_all:1245|month_xhzw_out_2cicc:2873|month_xhzw_out_2cucc:2245|month_xhzw_out_all:5118|month_net_gain:-3873|year_xhzw_in_fr_ctcc:9086|year_xhzw_in_fr_cucc:10242|year_xhzw_in_all:19328|year_xhzw_out_2cicc:44894|year_xhzw_out_2cucc:44782|year_xhzw_out_all:89676|year_net_gain:-70348|xhzw_in_fr_ctcc:561|xhzw_in_fr_cucc:684|xhzw_in_all:1245|xhzw_out_2cicc:2873|xhzw_out_2cucc:2245|xhzw_out_all:5118  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_se_mnet_sms_d                	28814394	tot_cnt:57741561|info_fee:62264780|rent_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_val_card_detl_d              	23683	charge_value:202389000|charge_status:23682                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_om_wl_flowtrackhis_d         	393783	cycle:7954952176385                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_esop_sales_bill_d            	70819	cycle:1430643631196                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_kd_subs_attr_d               	1817362	sn:18040667|createdate:36622750332245|statusdate:36623516279141                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pd_iptv_ci_grid_d               	96403	area:11803530492.05667733|grid_area:24276154870375.67612209                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_log_ret_cert_wk_d            	80139	region:31612582|isused:3682|recoid:326741962368561507                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_sms_notify_d                 	3102689	shouldtimes:9308067|lefttimes:5394568|trytimes:3913499                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_info_photo_d                 	630	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_esop_sales_billproduct_d     	104568	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_sales_billproduct_attr_d     	5999613	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_vnet_wd_group_v_subs_d       	8431522	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_rec_bkprod_chk_his_d         	874706	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_esop_installation_hz_d       	13	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_hotline_complaint_d          	479039	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_user_cdr_d                   	148677	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_wechat_voip_d                	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_tag_di91010_d                	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_helife_subs_d                	36388107	fst_day:734921502005844|is_today:1616173|is_newtoday:13448|active_days:13572186|silent_days:4175287681|is_new_month:13448|mth_act_days:1616173|mth_silent_days:34771934|is_new_2month:501980|is_new_3month:1198793|is_new_year:501980|year_act_days:41767176|year_silent_days:1113773378|innet_date:732479319317640|status_date:734745711277176                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_add_floor_d                  	7384769	int_id:8782303403631744|stateflag:644480712|is_wrong:2514340364|city_id:287405022|county_id:124583629812876|town_id:4519312192843043|road_id:6092859957168739|zone_id:7165846878760053|building_id:8710007157065707|unit_id:8753558579295618|house_num:38770291|floor_no:9759948|un_port:230525259                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_cmos_statis_d                	4933	complain_handle_dur:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_cust_prod_d                  	27438107	grp_cnt:42425280                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_gsm_home_d                   	0	talk_dur:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_goldcoin_balance_d           	25642603	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_mkt_cellinfo_d               	64256	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_mkt_extconfig_d              	53	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_mkt_homecheck_d              	3	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_atsv_conf_d                  	3538	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_mkt_busiand_d                	17	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_loc_group_induce_d           	435458	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_cmiot_group_cust_d           	6165	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_vie_info_photo_d             	14054492	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_pro_installation_hz_d        	12	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subsprodhandle_d             	231130402	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_feedback_detl_d              	472294607	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_plat_cdr_d                   	2000003	biz_type:2000003|trunk_num:-1703349|trunk_grp_num:-2000003|modl_num:-1985398|device_type:5287858|call_type:1438997|wait_reason:0|leave_reason:34713|sub_sys_num:62214447744737|ori_biz_type:-2000003|serv_sub_sys_num:62214447744737|serv_biz_type:2000003|cust_lvl:374|cust_type:0|call_in_reason:-1999987|bill_info:-2000003                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_volte_d                      	63604081	call_cnt:123974456|call_dur:10594754928|toll_dur:168683109|chrg_dur:245571677|fav_dur:0|base_fee:70051291|toll_fee:858237|toll_extra_fee:247|roam_fee:407653|info_fee:0|fav_base_fee:19906888265|fav_toll_fee:898725584|fav_toll_extra_fee:-119340|fav_info_fee:0|chrg_dur_6:1817513062|bef_fav_tot_fee:20876931030|fav_aft_tot_fee:71317181                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_broaband_accept_d            	354839	accept_fee:0.0|fav_fee:0.0|deal_date:134195411191|parentid:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_prod_cont_real_d             	1139517	firstmoney:0.0|returntype:0|returnmoney:0.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_ci_sms_touch_d               	227792	smstemp:16481244279632|statusdate:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subs_supervisor_d            	11784666	region:3697207488                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_loc_ngsettle_dict_val_d      	111431	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_10086_consult_trans_d        	468968	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_xz_trans_competitor_leiji_d  	144421	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_group_evaluation_time_d      	1857437	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_bill_item_daily_d            	106495811	taxrate:74836039500|tax:799326601478|acct_cyc:2152301745968011|bill_item_type:108063188|fee:1.24538054869E11|bill_item_flg:106495811                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_quality_standard_d           	0	ltetd_dur_rate:0|tdd_integrity:0|fdd_integrity:0|network_darkspot:0|volte_connection_rate:0|volte_dropped_call_rate:0|webdisplay_sucrate:0|mob_bus_vipy_pcduration:0|httptotalresp_delay:0|http_down_rate:0|im_resp_succ_rate:0|complaint_dispose:0|complaint_hotspot:0|network_wtb:0|network_visit:0|network_repetition:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_user_telecomm_circle_d       	27073209	call_num:41148680|call_num_o:21201333|call_num_t:19947347|call_dur:3600561114|call_dur_o:1863592217|call_dur_t:1736968897|call_chrg_dur:82457020|call_chrg_dur_o:42618200|call_chrg_dur_t:39838820|short_cdr_num:510578|short_cdr_num_o:251806|short_cdr_num_t:258772|sms_num:1663577|sms_num_o:1078159|sms_num_t:585418|mms_num:0|mms_num_o:0|mms_num_t:0|latest_contract_month:0|latest_contract_date:0|first_contract_date:0|first_voc_date:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_order_pdt_property_d         	55253	region_code:17232028|value_seq_no:182765                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_cmiot_subs_prod_d            	51727839	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subs_privattr_d              	237010351	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subs_forbid_d                	85587521	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_rwx_gprs_d                   	5476580	dingxiang_flux:1.6944622054387624E9|feidingxiang_flux:2.7829494024002564E8|dingxiang_fee:992848.9497026459|feidingxiang_fee:270401.7395401075|fee:3732387.200043456                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_roamin_gprs_d                	26577980	call_cnt:670881459|comm_dur:481440473910|tot_flux:1169311436829|up_flux:104189158809|dn_flux:1065134475823|chrg_flux:1163094831882|up_chrg_flux:103857353623|dn_chrg_flux:1064591488916|basic_fee:3.853513710000003E7                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_harass_basic_d               	7065	flag_1:81|flag_2:516|flag_3:6999|flag_4:25|o_call_cnt:694320|o_call_dur:27302658|o_call_num:601308|t_call_cnt:129830|jizhan_cnt:174092|vregion_cnt:7239|last_o_call_cnt:12061735|last_t_call_cnt:3612713|mon_o_call_cnt:694320|mon_t_call_cnt:165164|mon_o_call_num:601308|last_o_call_num:6819751                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_log_bizorder_his_d           	13601	region:4315221|overflag:4501                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_cust_order_attr_d            	570477	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_hyrl_gateway_device_d        	34056241	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_number_d                     	147433582	num_make_price:689228683469|low_consum_fee:1.5975218126E10|low_consum_pre:6.590725711E9|low_inservice_time:368681812|using_cnt:247327792                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_wlan_d                       	7544117	call_cnt:8658946|comm_dur:547428611441|chrg_dur:9125487518|tot_flux:70973493838773|up_flux:12818312023065|dn_flux:58155181815708|base_fee:240324|info_fee:0|fav_base_fee:0|fav_info_fee:0|term_type:0|term_os:120699638                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_group_account_d              	12965632	paycycledate:-4395480753531661863|status_date:3074590634104575597|paycycle:717636|crdt_val:1.0396342452627985E11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_ci_call_touch_d              	20	issendsms:0|calledtime:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_cmiot_subs_serv_d            	172292	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_hbplat_app_operate_log_d     	23077	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_score_balance_d              	248017781	cur_cyc_balance:70861232808|lm_score_balance:69585031708|flux_in_val:1446548640|flux_out_val:170347540                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_in_user_common_h_d              	1594701703	total_flow:1725616412513424|wap_duration:120883083515|up_flow:32145829123984|down_flow:1704594548686080|total_num:10996047363|statis_hour:3222924216276346685                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subs_group_product_d         	290176261	member_area:88312552193|orderstatus:122959|isprima:19520930|familysubsid:-605118299898597622                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_ngsettle_detail_grp_d        	1031302	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_om_wl_flowtrack_d            	19279	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_user_send_email_cdr_d        	28149	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_broaband_getway_d            	331838	last_count:0|account_cnt:18137|web_cnt:620588757|app_cnt:33169155|music_cnt:281|vidio_cnt:72771                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_fbi_ds22152_d                	1509	old_fee_before:36567.0|old_fee_after:33248.0|new_fee_before:143402.0|new_fee_after:101854.0|fee_before_rate:0.0|fee_after_rate:-120.29999999999922|terminal_value:0.0|buy_fee:0.0|return_fee:0.0|income_rate:0.0|fq_cnt:41548.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_discapprovaltask_d           	23565117	total_fee:2789425862261|total_discount:2778869162373|deal_date:476116106552231                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_goldcoin_recharge_d          	161144201	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_weidian_user_d               	153514	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_broa_band_expire_mid_d       	2683	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ct_sa_month_sum_d               	312748233	cur_m_cnt:10996047363|cur_m_flux:1736740377810064|cur_m_dur:120883083515|cur_m_day:312748233                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_call_fw_d                    	96714	call_cnt:178092|call_dur:10082675|toll_dur:2127547|chrg_dur:250635|base_fee:273342|toll_fee:0|toll_extra_fee:0|info_fee:0|fav_base_fee:22510629|fav_toll_fee:1911133|fav_toll_extra_fee:0|fav_info_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_cdr_gc_mn_sms_sp_d           	28817100	tot_cnt:57741561|comm_fee:0|info_fee:90076500|mon_fee:24503600|fav_comm_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_loc_ngsettle_dict_def_d      	706	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_rec_refundment_d             	5297	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_xz_np_rec_gnpdb_d            	17835389	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_chrg_d                   	33369	chrg_time:674394197029|chrg_fee:158799900|real_fee:154932591|discount_fee:3867309                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_grp_rwd_basicinfo_d          	262492	chargeamount:1.697982070060001E9|totalprivmoney:1.1524604294600208E9|totalprivpercent:4.5768336941983414E8                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_opp_d                        	40198	cust_res_cnt:33852|is_excld:17567|is_on_net:5784|area:12695422|admincnt:6316|clientcnt:6316                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_rec_authinfo_al_d            	18932872	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_weidian_share_d              	1628	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_chnl_contact_user_d          	579946	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_sky_pay_d                    	909	pay_num:6381|pay_outer_num:23|pay_fee:291321.0|pay_outer_fee:1410.0|pay_subs:6323|pay_outer_subs:23                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_ucp_staff_info_d             	342817	update_time:6621871906546|create_time:6895966920020|begin_time:4611622600199|end_time:3193180037277                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_sm_job_history_d             	2662359	dealtimelen:693451946|nodeid:1584261921921006956|sendbysm:2662359                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_goldcoin_invalid_d           	1377915	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_weidian_order_d              	8107	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_hbplat_app_menulog_d         	10487	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_unionpay_plan_d              	18685504	cyclenum:0|paylimit:0|drawvalue:0|isowe:0|owerate:0|draworder:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_subs_transtelin_d            	293863	taskno:7605063155763364871|region:92601975|deal_date:5936185051684                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_rs_inv_mobtel_d              	75403924	region_code:24106850590|real_price:259163139630|cost_price:27794648348                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ac_goldcoin_deduct_d            	1408593	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_weidian_click_d              	9544	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_user_dcard_cmp_d             	6832380	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_ci_order_detail_d            	90106584	photo_favval:7659504304|fav_val:5523462718|status:18|status_date:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_meb_hide_d                   	32474180	call_num:120792133|call_dur:1.0249561625E10|call_cnt:75433883                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_sms_d                        	84058334	tot_cnt:138892154|comm_fee:15898337|info_fee:0|mon_fee:0|tot_fav_fee:0|fav_mon_fee:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	20210207	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_cj_ngsettle_catalog_d        	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_weidian_login_d              	4069	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_rs_mapping_list_d            	513036	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_cmos_info_d                  	29052	srv_reqst_id:30579495345464|cmos_cnt:29052|re_cmos_cnt:1848                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_kd_subs_servattr_d           	914051	startdate:18470071136896|enddate:7126804046215                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_se_voc_d                     	15900552	call_times:47707365|call_dure:4151003945|chrg_dure:95327565|chrg_6_dure:121700                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_im_store_d                   	453602	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_hy_gateway_base_info_d       	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_cmp_call_info_d              	24709292	call_dur:67036198|call_cnt:32164344|sms_cnt:1336967                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_cy_behavior_list_d           	7092773	behavior_type:75566776|seq_no:25153717961151                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_discapprovaltaskdtl_d        	186361	fee:7513776982|deal_date:3765134762543|discount:7469856820                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ls_bs_sms_log_d                 	5095	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_cheat_ignore_msisdn_d        	1	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_out_activity_detail_d        	25356	call_duration:0|wait_duration:0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_user_d                   	20970983	first_login_date:423399511883867|login_cnt:35972                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_ucp_staffrole_d              	770724	ccid:0|vdnid:0|ispublic:751586|role_status:749350                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_comp_grp_d                   	26241	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_hcy_act_info_d               	20135864	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_cs_bsf_menuclickdtl_d        	268582	clickdate:5428096204982                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_gc_opfisepar_box_d           	76280	int_id:48353335194110|city:24101144                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_lc_qyh_gsm_sum_d                	69957317	call_dur:11241554476|counttime:130616508                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_sky_agent_d                  	5856	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_transout_cause_d             	999606	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_crowdsource_plat_d           	200933	call_date:4060896317533                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_crowdsource_plat_d           	175577	statis_ifdate:3548446460977                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_zwovertimepresenthis_d       	1512	region_code:476535                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rs_wy_cell_d                    	2804	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_entity_attr_d                	39101012	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_helife_query_d               	7450802	xf_date:150501667245462                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_responsible_pers_d           	38873	cust_id:123278549173758087                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_handlerecord_d               	579958	region_code:183787183                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_cs_survey_grp_d                 	0	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_broaband_repair_d            	644	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_hsh_click_d                  	6408608	click_cnt:15376461                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_broaband_dzs_d               	221210	accept_time:4464376567954                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_staff_d                      	342816	exp_date:1274|eff_date:3400                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_supervisor_d                 	11747	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_prod_order_d                 	41967786	max_subs_cnt:14                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_yj_comm_subs_d               	40514683	comm_day_cnt:40514683                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_sc_cucertinfo_chnameauth_d      	1	region_code:335                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_te_mobtel_belong_d              	1750	res_belong:1729                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_ch_competitor_geogra_d          	44465	region:14053042                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_rt_chnl_from_d                  	296	row_num:43956                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_gc_trans_subs_d                 	29734	fee:292523303                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	20210201	statis_date   
mk.tm_pa_se_sms_d                     	622035	tot_cnt:1715095                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	20210201	statis_date